README.md, before:

# Text Expander touch SDK
=======================
Add [TextExpander](http://smilesoftware.com/TextExpander) support to your iOS app with the TextExpander touch Software Development Kit from [Smile](http://smilesoftware.com/).

[TextExpander touch SDK home page](http://smilesoftware.com/sdk)

[TextExpander touch home page](http://smilesoftware.com/TextExpander/touch/index.html)

[Basic tutorial](http://smile.clarify-it.com/d/lkwwdw)

[NEW! Fill-ins tutorial](http://smile.clarify-it.com/d/ehf7a4)

[Sample code for tutorials](https://github.com/cantoni/TextExpanderSDKExample/)

[Google Group tetouch-sdk (for announcements)](http://groups.google.com/group/tetouch-sdk)

# Support
Smile offers no promise of support for the TextExpander framework. If you have questions, please address them via email to [textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com](mailto:textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com). As time and resources permit, we will attempt to answer such questions. Of course, if you are willing to add TextExpander support to your app, it is in our best interest to endeavor to support you.

# License Agreement
The TextExpander framework is Copyright © 2009-2013 SmileOnMyMac, LLC dba Smile, and is supplied "AS IS" and without warranty. SmileOnMyMac, LLC disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. SmileOnMyMac assumes no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the TextExpander framework, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, and distribute this library, without fee, subject to the following restrictions:
	1.	The origin of this library must not be misrepresented
	2.	Apps which use this library must indicate "Supports TextExpander touch snippet expansion" in their feature set or product description
	3.	Apps which use this library must indicate "Contains TextExpander framework, Copyright © 2009-2013 SmileOnMyMac, LLC dba Smile. TextExpander is a registered trademark of Smile" in their about box and the paragraph above in their license agreement. It is acceptable to link to the license agreement text posted on the app developer's website if that is more appropriate for a given app.

If your app has special needs with respect to the above restrictions, please address them, preferably with specific suggestions, via email to [textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com](mailto:textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com). Perhaps we can find a mutually agreeable solution.

Commit message:

Update GitHub README file, including direction to READ ME.rtf.

README.md, after:

# Text Expander touch SDK
=======================
Add [TextExpander](http://smilesoftware.com/TextExpander) support to your iOS app with the TextExpander touch Software Development Kit from [Smile](http://smilesoftware.com/).

Please see the READ ME.rtf file for build and integration instructions and for the version history.

[TextExpander touch SDK home page](http://smilesoftware.com/sdk)

[TextExpander touch home page](http://smilesoftware.com/TextExpander/touch/index.html)

[Basic tutorial](http://smile.clarify-it.com/d/lkwwdw)

[NEW! Fill-ins tutorial](http://smile.clarify-it.com/d/ehf7a4)

[Sample code for tutorials](https://github.com/cantoni/TextExpanderSDKExample/)

[Google Group tetouch-sdk (for announcements)](http://groups.google.com/group/tetouch-sdk)

# Support
Smile offers no promise of support for the TextExpander framework. If you have questions, please address them via email to [textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com](mailto:textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com). As time and resources permit, we will attempt to answer such questions. Of course, if you are willing to add TextExpander support to your app, it is in our best interest to endeavor to support you.

# License Agreement
The TextExpander framework is Copyright © 2009-2013 SmileOnMyMac, LLC dba Smile, and is supplied "AS IS" and without warranty. SmileOnMyMac, LLC disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. SmileOnMyMac assumes no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the TextExpander framework, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, and distribute this library, without fee, subject to the following restrictions:
	1.	The origin of this library must not be misrepresented
	2.	Apps which use this library must indicate "Supports TextExpander touch snippet expansion" in their feature set or product description
	3.	Apps which use this library must indicate "Contains TextExpander framework, Copyright © 2009-2013 SmileOnMyMac, LLC dba Smile. TextExpander is a registered trademark of Smile" in their about box and the paragraph above in their license agreement. It is acceptable to link to the license agreement text posted on the app developer's website if that is more appropriate for a given app.

If your app has special needs with respect to the above restrictions, please address them, preferably with specific suggestions, via email to [textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com](mailto:textexpander-touch@smilesoftware.com). Perhaps we can find a mutually agreeable solution.
